Minor changes (#15)
RobinNagpal/fuels-token-example: 03_smart_contract.md

### `Forc.toml`

`Forc.toml`is a mandatory manifest file for each package. It includes fields such as
project details, dependencies, network information, build profiles, and other configurations essential for project
setup.

### `src/main.sw`

This is the file where all of the contract code will go.

### Sway

The file `src/main.sw` uses the `.sw` suffix, indicating it's written in Sway, a programming language designed for
the FuelVM. Sway is statically typed and compiled, with type inference and traits. It aims to enhance the safety and
performance of smart contract development through strong static analysis and compiler feedback.

#### Contract Structure

Sway contracts are structured in a specific way. They begin with a contract declaration, followed by an ABI (Application
Binary Interface) definition, and then the contract and it's functions.

```

> Contract Declaration

Reviewer: Add the code only here.

like

```rust
contract;   // This is the type of sway program

use standards::{src20::SRC20, src3::SRC3, src5::{SRC5, State},}; // This imports from ...
...  // Add any other imports here

storage {

}

abi 

impl SRC20 for Contract {

}
```

### `Forc.toml`

`Forc.toml`is a mandatory manifest file for each package. It includes fields such as
project details, dependencies, network information, build profiles, and other configurations essential for project
setup.

### `src/main.sw`

This is the file where all of the contract code will go.

### Sway

The file `src/main.sw` uses the `.sw` suffix, indicating it's written in Sway, a programming language designed for
the FuelVM. Sway is statically typed and compiled, with type inference and traits. It aims to enhance the safety and
performance of smart contract development through strong static analysis and compiler feedback.

#### Contract Structure

Sway contracts are structured in a specific way. They begin with a contract declaration, then imports and any struct to be used within the whole contract file, followed by an ABI (Application
Binary Interface) definition, and then the contract and it's functions.

```rust
contract;   // This is the type of sway program

use std::{hash::Hash,}; // This imports from ...
...  // Add any other imports here

// This is a struct accessible in the whole file

> storage {

Reviewer: storage is not a struct

2. **Balance Lookup:** It looks up the balance using the specified identity.
3. **Balance Return:** If a balance entry exists, it returns the stored value as an integer.

## Building & Deploying the Contracts Locally

The "Build" phase is essential in preparing our smart contract for deployment on the Fuel network. Smart contracts are typically written in high-level languages like Sway, which are easy to read and maintain. However, the Fuel network operates on bytecode, a low-level machine-readable format. Build process translates our Sway code into bytecode that the Fuel network can execute.

For building and deploying all the contracts under the `contracts` folder, we are going to use the `dev` command from fuel which will build and deploy the contracts on the local node.

But since we need some initial state of the chain, we must configure a `chainConfig.json` file. Here is an example of what that looks like using version 0.22.1 of fuel-core:

<details>
  <summary>chainConfig.json</summary>

```json
{
  "chain_name": "Testnet",
  "block_gas_limit": 1000000000,
  "initial_state": {
    "coins": [
      {

>         "owner": "0x387c9580ba76a18c62d38edd400c0473429baa257b2570ee508c5061be25d035",

Reviewer: explain the field to initialize some ETH for a wallet address here.

Also can we just add 1-2 owners here? or do we need all the entries.

The function takes one argument and returns an integer:

- **addr (Identity):** This parameter specifies the address or contract ID whose balance we want to retrieve.
- **u64:** Returned token balance of the specified identity (Address/ContractID).

The `get_balance` function is read-only and does not modify the contract's storage. Here's how it works:

1. **Storage Access:** It accesses the balances storage map, which keeps track of each token holder's balance.
2. **Balance Lookup:** It looks up the balance using the specified identity.
3. **Balance Return:** If a balance entry exists, it returns the stored value as an integer.

## Building & Deploying the Contracts Locally

The "Build" phase is essential in preparing our smart contract for deployment on the Fuel network. Smart contracts are typically written in high-level languages like Sway, which are easy to read and maintain. However, the Fuel network operates on bytecode, a low-level machine-readable format. Build process translates our Sway code into bytecode that the Fuel network can execute.

> For building and deploying all the contracts under the `contracts` folder, we are going to use the `dev` command from fuel which will build and deploy the contracts on the local node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and deploy all the contracts under the `contracts` folder, we will use the `fuels dev` command from `Fuel CLI`, which builds and deploys the contracts on the local node. This command should be run in the parent folder, i.e., the folder containing `fuels.config.ts`.
```

        "amount": "0xFFF4000000000000",
        "asset_id": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
      },
      {
        "owner": "0x94ffcc53b892684acefaebc8a3d4a595e528a8cf664eeb3ef36f1020b0809d0d",
        "amount": "0xFFF4000000000000",
        "asset_id": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
      }
    ]
  },
  "consensus_parameters": {
    "base_asset_id": "0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
  },
  "consensus": {
    "PoA": {
      "signing_key": "f65d6448a273b531ee942c133bb91a6f904c7d7f3104cdaf6b9f7f50d3518871"
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

To get coins in your wallet, add an entry to the coins array with your wallet address in B256 type address (begins with 0x):

```json
{
  "owner": "<YOUR_WALLET_ADDRESS>",
  "amount": "0x1000000000000000",
  "asset_id": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000"
}
```

The coins array specifies the initial state of the local Fuel node which we are deploying. Each of its value contains three properties:

- owner: The address of the wallet.
- amount: The number of tokens, in hexadecimal format.

> - asset_id: The identifier for the asset type, typically zero for the base asset (e.g., Fuel)

Reviewer: The base asset is Fuel or ETH?

#### Check wallet address

You can check your wallet address by running the following command:

```shell
forc wallet accounts
```

> Finally build and deploy the contracts using the `dev` command in the root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally build and deploy the contracts using the `fuels dev` command in the root directory:
```
